In this video I'm going to show you and introduce you to flawed user flaws and how actually you can
create this flawed diagram and what actually all these symbols mean what does what does this rectangle
mean.
What does this all mean.
What does this diamond actually means.
And also this parallelogram.
So we are going to cover just these four basic shapes there are a lot of other shapes but I think we
don't need most of them right now I am using floor map which is an awesome online app to create user
flows I am on right now our free plan so you can go ahead sign up and use that and create start creating
user flows and site maps anyhow so right now we are going to start with this user flow.
No this user flow is actually about a user downloading the invasion app which is a bird typing app and
actually commenting on the prototype.
So all the steps involved from start to finish till the time he commence.
We are going to show them in a flow that is user is going to flow from here to here to to new screen
to new process to or new action so you can see the first step is actually a rectangle rectangle means
a process or activity so download and vision app in app store.
So this is a process I am doing I am doing an activity that I am going to launch it.
This is another activity.
Now you can see sign is in is actually in an oval now why it isn't in an all because all means that
it is going to be the starting point of that process.
So you can see these are actually pretty preliminary actions we had to download in vision app do you
know do that and do comment on the prototype.
So this is actually the starting park sign in and you can see if we.
I'm pressing actually space bot and dragging it up and here we have already have an account.
So this is a decision.
So it has two parts.
If you have the account you are going to go to one path.
If you don't have the account you are going to go to another part.
So these are two parts.
So once we have a decision to make.
We are going to use this diamond.
So already have an account.
Question mark or if yes we are going to enter log in and password.
So this is an input.
We are inputting into the system our log in and password fields.
We are putting data.
So this parallelogram is actually mean means that we are giving some input so whenever you try to give
some input to your system in any format a filling a form or filling sign a form or things like that
you are going to enter and you are going to use this parallelogram.
If you don't have an account you have to go through the sign up process.
It is a process so that is why it is actually showing into a rectangle.
Let's go down.
Okay.
So after logging and sign up we are going to go to the home screen and then we are moving to the next
application navigation then we want to see and comment on the prototype then we have open prototype
tabs so these are all the processes and the user is doing so he is right now open the prototype tab
then we have an active prototype opens up prototype for active product select the layout opens the layout
holds dab dab so you can see these are all different processes.
There is no decision it is a straightforward one step next step and next step then we have you can see
you here wants to leave a comment so whether he wants to press cancel.
So there are two parts whether he can leave a comment or he can he can press cancel and go back to this
layout so you can see or hear.
Here we have two parts.
One is this cancel and it goes back to open the layout and if we press yes and click on the comment
board it is going to go to the command more so this is actually going to end under process line over
here and you can see click command mode select command area right are command so whenever you are typing
something you are inputting.
So again we are using a parallelogram and press to publish.
So this is actually the end whenever a process or every anything completes or ends.
You are going to use a circle okay press to publish you can see it is a green circle.
Now here it ends.
So that is all about creating the user flow diagram in this flow map you can use any other Graphic Tool
too but I think using this online is very easy.
They have all the shapes and everything already built in so if I go to my account let me go to my account
I have projects.
This one is from Thailand and if I go ahead you can see here is the site map I have created.
Here is the user flow diagram.
Now if I want to add something over here I am going to click over here in this empty area and I am going
to use Sokolow ahead because it has ended so I am going to say something like uh successful
onboarding let's make it a little bigger
like this
make this okay.
Now we are going to connect it with like this one and let's turn this to green
so we have our successful onboarding so you can see over here you can also do something over here like
this I'm going to press over here start so before that if we want to have a few more screens over here
I can link it over here like this if I want to have something like a process which is download app download
app from App Store and then we are going to have another one which is uh over here.
Launch app so far app or something like that.
Okay.
So we are going to connect them like this like this.
So you can see it is pretty easy.
We have these two processes then we have the start once it has been launched.
It is going to show us a welcome screen have an account.
No.
Then we are going to have this Create Account or sign up a sign up.
And if we have this then we are going to go to log in.
You can also use an input all here.
But for simplicity I am I have skipped that and if you want to use it you can use it.
Let's drag it a bit at the bottom.
I'm going to expand it a bit because it is a not showing okay.
So now it is showing let's move this subject over here with your hand like this.
OK.
So here we have our onboarding user flow diagram.
And if you want to export it you can go to this add over here you can share it with from over here and
you can export it from here.
So if you click on export you can see we have few options that export as SPG format export as a BMG
format transparent background if I want a transparent background I can have a transparent background
project title document creation date.
You can hide it if you want to show it.
Then we have original size and I think we can also have custom size but it is actually maybe for the
BMG because SVOD scalable vector graphic we don't need a size for BMG we might want to use some custom
size over here for example 3000 by 100 1012.
And I'm going to export it as being G and if you want to export it as SPG that's another thing.
You can also export is it as a dark document X which is a new feature I think they have just added you
can also export it as a BD F.
So these are all different exporting options.
You can click on generate preview and it is going to load the preview project name.
So that is this is it's site map
OK.
So that is all if you have any questions or any comments or anything you want to learn about this app
flow map are about user flaws or site maps let me know if you have any questions to ask me.
Let's move on to the next lesson and the next video.